docs: cluster operator upgrades (#6879)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/assemblies/upgrading/assembly-upgrade-cluster-operator.adoc

// This assembly is included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-upgrade.adoc

[id='assembly-upgrade-cluster-operator-{context}']
= Upgrading the Cluster Operator

[role="_abstract"]

> How you upgrade the Cluster Operator depends on the way you deployed it.

Reviewer: I don't think this translates well - it uses phrasal verbs and colloquialisms.

Please consider rewriting - maybe something like... "The procedure ( or replace with a better word, maybe steps) to upgrade the Cluster Operator depends on the initial methd of deployment." ?

Using installation files:: If you deployed the Cluster Operator using the installation YAML files, perform your upgrade by modifying the Operator installation files, as described in xref:proc-upgrading-the-co-{context}[Upgrading the Cluster Operator].

> Using the {OperatorHub}:: If you deployed Strimzi from {OperatorHub}, use the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) to change the update channel for the Strimzi operators to a new Strimzi version.

Author: We have a note to not recommend automatic updates from the stable channel in [Deploying Strimzi from OperatorHub.io](https://strimzi.io/docs/operators/in-development/deploying.html#deploying-strimzi-from-operator-hub-str)

So I've added a note here about the automatic updates and to only use them on the version-specific channels. 

> NOTE: If you subscribe to the _stable_ channel, you can get automatic updates without changing channels.
> However, enabling automatic updates on this channel is not recommended because of the potential for missing any pre-installation upgrade steps. Use automatic upgrades only on version-specific channels.

+
Depending on your chosen upgrade strategy, after updating the channel, either:
+
** An automatic upgrade is initiated
+
** A manual upgrade will require approval before the installation begins
+
For more information on using OperatorHub.io to upgrade Operators, see the {OLMOperatorDocs}.

Using a Helm chart:: If you deployed the Cluster Operator using a Helm chart, use `helm upgrade`.
+
The `helm upgrade` command does not upgrade the {HelmCustomResourceDefinitions}.
Install the new CRDs manually after upgrading the Cluster Operator.
You can access the CRDs from the {ReleaseDownload} or find them in the `crd` subdirectory inside the Helm Chart.

[id='con-upgrade-cluster-operator-unsupported-kafka-{context}']
== Upgrading the Cluster Operator returns Kafka version error

> If you apply a multi-version upgrade to a Cluster Operator that currently uses an unsupported Kafka version, you get an _unsupported Kafka version_ error.

Reviewer 2: I don't think it is clear what _multi-version upgrade_ is.

```suggestion
If you upgrade the Cluster Operator while having a deployed Kafka cluster with older Kafka version which is not supported by the new operator version anymore, you get an _unsupported Kafka version_ error.
```

Author: Changed to:

> If you upgrade the Cluster Operator and get an _unsupported Kafka version_ error, your Kafka cluster deployment has an older Kafka version that is not supported by the new operator version.
